[Music]
for dresser crimes the right dress code
is everything they decorate their
shelves to fit in wherever they go they
select material from whatever's around a
dressing room full of treasure is
paradise they first chew their finds to
make them frayed and fibrous they then
attach to prepared fabrics to velcro
like hooks on their legs and shell
the dresser crab uses its keen attention
to detail to fashion a camouflage suit
[Music]
it usually adorns its costume with
sponges and seaweed as these are most
often sir hand but given the chance it
improvises a trait that helps the
dresser crab maintain perfect camouflage
[Music]
their eclectic dress sense means they
blend in anywhere safe from the eyes of
predators like puffer fish
[Music]
to vanish they freeze
you